hello friends first of all I want
thank you for following me on facebook and
on twitter here I leave the links of
my facebook and twitter pages for
that they visit them and they are also in the
video description
many times we leave our computer
personal or our laptop in the middle of
work and want anyone to see what
we are doing therefore
activate our screen saver
but there is a way for that once
our protector has been activated
screen is necessary a key one
password to reactivate the
computer and return to our homework
normal this key obviously should be
only known to us by the
computer users at the moment
for this we are going to establish a
password on start control panel
user account
and here is the user currently
my account
my user already has a password for
so I'm not going to add it but
is here if you do not have it will come out
here an option to create password something
well and they create it now the second step is
go desk
Right click and we give you to customize
now we go to the protective option of
screen we will choose here an image
or an animation and what we are going to do
is to put here in show the screen of
login when resuming and ready
We set a waiting time for
example one minute apply and accept and
ready with this we'll wait a minute and
the screen saver will appear and
we will have to put our password
to log in again and ready
I hope you can use this tutorial as
always any doubt or comment or
suggestion do not hesitate to do it in the
section below if integrating this
Video shares on your social networks
like facebook twitter google and all the
I guarantee you don Oscar Garcia and up
the next